applying limit when creating the partition filter (#165)
HotelsDotCom/circus-train: CHANGELOG.md

## [15.1.0] - TBD
### Changed
* AVRO Schema Copier now re-uses the normal 'data' copier instead of its own. See [#162](https://github.com/HotelsDotCom/circus-train/issues/162). 

> * Changed the order of the generated partition filter (HiveDiff) it is now reverse natural order (which means new partitions first when partitions are date/time strings). When in doubt use the circus-train-tool `check-filters.sh` to so what would be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the order of the generated partition filter used by "HiveDiff"  - it is now reverse natural order (which means new partitions first when partitions are date/time strings). When in doubt use the circus-train-tool `check-filters.sh` to see what would be generated.
```

## [15.1.0] - TBD
### Changed
* AVRO Schema Copier now re-uses the normal 'data' copier instead of its own. See [#162](https://github.com/HotelsDotCom/circus-train/issues/162). 

> ### Fixed

Reviewer 2: Think you also need a line between Changed and Fixed?

> Fixed issue were limit is ignore when generating a partition filter. See [#164](https://github.com/HotelsDotCom/circus-train/issues/164).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Fixed issue where limit is ignore when generating a partition filter. See [#164](https://github.com/HotelsDotCom/circus-train/issues/164).
```

Author: I've reworded it a bit

> Fixed issue were partition-limit is not correctly applied when generating a partition filter. See [#164](https://github.com/HotelsDotCom/circus-train/issues/164).

Reviewer 3: Typo: "were" -> "where"
